i now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of myanmar
in that regard we the committee
representing chiron
crph julia the united nations
the united nations security council and
international community
that aspired to build peaceful and
civilized global society
to use any means necessary to take
action
against the myanmar military and to
provide safety
and security for the people of myanmar
in addition to the existing support
we need found the strongest possible
action from the international community
to immediately end the military coup
to stop oppressing the innocent people
to return the state power to the people
and to restore the democracy
and thank you mr president
i now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of the
united states
let me be clear from the outset the
continues to strongly condemn the
military coup in miramar
and we condemn the security forces
brutal killing
of unarmed people and i would like
others
like to welcome and commend the
courageous and brave statement made by
the myanmar perm rep here this morning
like the perm rep
the people of myanmar are making their
voices heard
doctors and civil servants grocery store
cashiers and milk tea servers delivery
drivers
all rig operators and artists they're
marching in the streets
they're raising red balloons and banging
pots and pans and they are demanding
their democracy back we stand in
solidarity with them
we stand with the millions of people in
miramar who
have displayed courage and determination
to reject this military coup
we stand with them as they call for a
return to peace
democratic governance and rule of law
the military has tried to silence those
calls with social media
and internet blackouts but we still hear
the people of myanmar loud and clear
as president biden said the united
states has
and will continue to take actions in
close coordination with allies and
partners
we will show the military that their
actions
have consequences violence against those
exercising their human rights and
fundamental freedoms
is unacceptable it is time for the
military to
immediately relinquish power refrain
from further violence
release all those unjustly detained and
restore myanmar's
democratically elected government